[Music]
seven natural remedies that will make
you look 18 again today you can find
hundreds of anti-aging beauty products
at any grocery store and even more of
them online their manufacturer's
guarantee masks cleansers and creams
that are 100% natural super effective
and even magical but can you really
trust them when manufacturers produce
goods and mass quantities it makes sense
that they want to turn a profit so they
add preservatives and chemicals to take
down production costs but also make
these products not exactly 100% natural
Brightside has found a solution for you
7 coffee and milk masks do you always
start your day with a cup of joe hit the
like button if you're a fellow coffee
lover but did you know that your
favorite drink can not only wake you up
in the morning but also turn back time
young and fresh skin with coffee and
milk really no joke many cosmetic
companies actually use coffee in their
products
it can help thicken your hair get rid of
cellulite tone your skin and stimulate
your metabolism milk the 2nd main
ingredients of this amazing mask is also
a superhero when it comes to saving you
from the aging process it exfoliates and
moisturizes the skin so grab a bowl some
unused coffee grounds and some milk
preferably raw you'll be combining the
coffee and milk in the bowl but it's
important that you get a thick paste
when you mix the ingredients so stick to
the recommended ratio 1/2 to 1 tbsp of
milk to 1 tablespoon of coffee stir the
mixture until it's thickened into a
paste when it's ready you can apply it
all over your face avoiding the eye area
give the mask 15 to 20 minutes to work
its magic you can then rinse it off with
warm water you will see immediate
results your skin will be glowing and
radiant incorporate this procedure into
your regular beauty regimen and you'll
love the results overtime 6 flaxseed
mass flaxseed the main ingredient in
this mask will give your skin the tone
and hydration it needs flaxseed is rich
in fatty acids and it stimulates oil
production in your body it makes your
skin soft and protects it from
environmental irritants like dust and
air pollutions it also locks moisture
into the skin
young clunk and firmer skin that's what
you can anticipate if you use this mask
the other ingredients in this mask are
Greek yogurt and honey yummy and readily
available right the lactose in the
yogurt removes dead skin cells and honey
is a natural moisturizer here's what
you're going to need 1 tablespoon of
ground flax seed half a cup of plain
Greek yogurt and 1 tablespoon of honey
simply mix the ingredients together in a
bowl and apply the mask to your skin use
a face mask brush for application if you
don't want sticky honey fingers wait
about 10 minutes for it to dry rinse it
off with warm water and you're done 5
find Aven balm mask vitamins are
important for your health take your
vitamins are you sure you're getting
enough vitamins we hate to admit it but
mom's right so why not listen to her for
once and give your skin the vitamin
treatment it needs in this mask you'll
be getting vitamins A B and C from
apricots which will help make the skin
more elastic our other ingredients
bananas is rich in vitamin C mv6 which
will give your skin a healthy glow if
your tastebuds love these delicious
fruits your skin will too right you're
going to need 1 apricot half of banana
and 1 tbsp of lukewarm water start off
by peeling the apricot and the banana as
for those apricot seeds get rid of them
we won't be needing those chopped up the
fruits and throw them in a blender along
with the water if you don't have a
blender on hand a potato masher will get
the job done to blend or mash the
ingredients into a creamy mix once your
mask is ready spread it all over your
face avoiding the eyes lips and nostrils
after 20 minutes you can rinse it off
with cool water and check out your
results in the mirror for strawberry and
egg white face masks
do you like strawberries let's start a
strawberry fan club hit the like button
to join if you're not with us you're
against us hey we're just kidding but if
you are a fan of strawberries here's one
more reason to love them or at least
show them some respect for their
anti-aging superpowers yes strawberries
contain the antioxidant ellagic acid it
boosts collagen production which in turn
pays fine lines and wrinkles egg whites
the second ingredient in this mask is
also good for skin rejuvenation and
firming all you need are three to four
strawberries in one egg
that's it start by separating the egg
white from the yolk remember you only
need the white so toss the yolk mash the
strawberries flip the egg white combine
them in a bowl and apply the mass to
your face
can you already feel your skin
tightening yep it's working
15 minutes a day will be enough for this
mask work its magic
when the time is up rinse it off with
lukewarm water 3 Coco coconut mask no
we're not stuttering here Coco and
coconut or an anti-aging Dream Team when
combined with yogurt to make a soothing
and exfoliating mask getting rid of dole
dead skin cells reveals new gleaming
skin cocoa powder also works as an
antioxidant flushing out those free
radicals that attack your skin on a
daily basis let's grab our ingredients 1
teaspoon of virgin coconut oil 1/4 a
teaspoon of cocoa powder and 1 teaspoon
of plain Greek yogurt be careful you
don't want to use cold yogurt straight
out of the fridge as it will harden the
coconut oil so make sure all the
ingredients are room-temperature blend
them together and put a thin layer on
your face neck and chest yes your neck
and chest can also tell your age it only
takes 10 to 20 minutes to reap the
rewards from this mask use warm water
and a washcloth to rinse it and apply
your favorite moisturizer afterwards
this mask works for all skin types
we're halfway through the list which of
the masks do you already want to try is
it the strawberry one remember the point
isn't to eat the ingredients but to
apply them to your skin more yummy
skincare recipes are on their way
avocado blackberries apples all of them
will soon become your age fighting
troops - avocado and olive oil mask
cuacamole is made from avocado so
obviously avocado is an awesome fruit
besides satisfying our taste buds
avocado also can help us in our skincare
routine as it's super rich in oleic acid
and vitamin E both of these are great
natural skin moisturizers providing your
skin structure and protecting you from
environmental toxins olive oil is also
really effective when it comes to
fighting off those pesky wrinkles what
you'll need are two tablespoons of
avocado pulp and one tablespoon of olive
oil simply make a puree like mix out of
the ingredients and apply it generously
all over your face and neck leave it on
for 15 to 20 minutes and rinse it off to
review
your new skin one rice milk cleanser
have you ever wanted to know the secret
to Japanese beauty all those wrinkle
free women that seemed untouched by time
it's sometimes impossible to guess their
age do you want to be like them all rice
could be the answer to all your problems
the Japanese have been using rice in
their skincare for a really long time
because it's rich in vitamin E follow
our recipe to make a natural skin
smoothing cleanser grab 1/4 a cup of
brown rice flour and 2 to 3 tablespoons
of unsweetened organic rice milk rice
milk adds calcium to the mix but you can
replace it with water if you like mix
together the rice flour and rice milk
into a smooth paste
once that's done massage it into your
skin using circular motions basically
just do what you normally do with your
own facial cleanser you can then rinse
your face and put on your toner and
moisturizer try these DIY beauty
treatments and watch people's jaws drop
when they get a look at your beautiful
young looking skin share this video with
those who also deserve to know the
secrets to fighting father time and make
sure to like the video if you found it
useful subscribe to our channel to join
us on the bright side
[Music]